README.md, before:

# Evolve

## Play

https://pmotschmann.github.io/Evolve/

## About

An incremental game about evolving a civilization from primordial ooze into a space faring empire.
Evolve combines elements of a clicker with an idler and has lots of micromanagement.

What will you evolve into?


## Contributing a Language file
If you are interested in a contributing a new language for Evolve the process is fairly straight forward (although a bit tedious).

Make a copy of strings/strings.json and name the copy as strings/strings.\<locale\>.json (EX: strings.es_US.json). The locale format is the language alpha-2 code joined with the country alpha-2 code.
  
The strings are stored in a json format and will look like this:
```
"job_farmer_desc": "Farmers create food to feed your population. Each farmer generates %0 food per second.",
```
If you are unfamilar with json the first part is a **key** and can not be altered, **do not translate or modify the key in any way**. The second part is the string to be translated. Many game strings uses **tokens** (**%0**, **%1**, **%2**, etc) to represent game values, as such these tokens must remain in the finale translated string. Their position can be moved accordingly, the number represents a specific value and not its position in the string.

To enable your language translation in the game you must add it to the locales constant in locale.js (bottom of the file).

Once you feel your translation file is ready send a pull request with it to the Evolve main branch.

Commit message:

Updated messaging to indicate unsupported nature

README.md, after:

# Evolve

## Play

Play the original and the best at https://pmotschmann.github.io/Evolve/

Play the UNSUPPORTED, use at your own risk, scripting edition of the game at https://tmvictor.github.io/Evolve-Scripting-Edition/
(It may take several days for the scripting edition to be updated when a new version of the original is released)

## About

The original is still actively being developed by Demagorddon and I would recommend that you run the original version of the game for at least several prestiges so that you have a good feel for the game. He's put an incredible amount of effort into both creating the game and regularly releasing new content.

If it's so great, then why have I forked a separate, unsupported version of the game? Let me explain...

Just as mods change the way that a regular game is played, scripting / automation changes the way that an idle game is played. Scripting can be as small as an auto-clicker clicking a single button to a script that can play an entire game without human intervention. Usually they change the gameplay from being micro-focused to being macro-focused. Instead of specifically controlling every individual aspect you get to focus on the grand plan of what you are trying to accomplish.

Scripting and automation can enhance a players immersion in the game and can allow them to continue playing long after they would have otherwise stopped due to real life time constraints. However, it can also ruin a players desire to play a game. Why play a game if you're just going to automate it? This decision is left up to each individual to make for themselves.

Automation allows players to perform far beyond what an unassisted player could attain and often requires deep integration into the internals of a game. That is what this forked, unsupported verion is for. It exposes the game's internals to allow this tight integration with automation scripts. Other than this change the game remains the same as the original.

As this unsupported version exposes the game's internals it means that it is possible for the script / automation to cause bugs or unintended side effects as it accesses information and actions that may not be directly available to a player. Before reporting any bugs to Demagorddon, please reproduce them on the original version of the game as this scripting version is NOT SUPPORTED IN ANY WAY by Demagorddon.

Use at your own risk.
